update README.md to reflect current maintenance status (#565)
sup-heliotrope/sup: README.md

* IRC: [#sup @ freenode.net](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#sup)
* Mailing list: supmua@googlegroups.com (subscribe: supmua+subscribe@googlegroups.com, archive: https://groups.google.com/d/forum/supmua )

## Alternatives

> Sup is a stable, production-quality mail client.
> The maintainers are not intending to add new major features in future.
> If Sup is missing a feature you are interested in, it might be
> possible to accomplish using Sup's [powerful hooks mechanism][hooks].
> Otherwise, here are some alternatives to consider:
> 
> * The [notmuch mail](https://notmuchmail.org/) project was inspired by Sup,
>   and there is a wide variety of different
>   [clients](https://notmuchmail.org/frontends/) available for it.

Reviewer: Thank you @danc86 - I think this is good.

Here are some minor suggestions, for formatting and phrasing. The main aim is to make it completely unambiguous what our goals are, and in particular which PRs would be vs wouldn't be likely to be merged.

I've also added an explicit link to Alot (Notmuch frontend), because it ships with a Sup theme - and imitation is the sincerest form of flattery!

Preview of how README.md would appear rendered if applying these suggestions below: https://github.com/IPv2/sup/blob/readme-demo/README.md#alternatives

```suggestion
Sup is a mature, production-quality mail client.

The maintainers are also long-term users, and mainly focus on preserving the
current feature set. PRs are very welcome, especially to maintain or improve
stability and compatibility; however PRs for major new features are unlikely to
be merged.

If Sup is missing a feature you are interested in, it might be possible to
accomplish using Sup's [powerful hooks mechanism][hooks].

Otherwise, here are some alternatives to consider:

* [Notmuch](https://notmuchmail.org/) was inspired by Sup.
  * There are a wide variety of
    [Notmuch clients](https://notmuchmail.org/frontends/) available.
  * The most similar to Sup's look-and-feel is
    [Alot](https://github.com/pazz/alot) &mdash; also a curses-based frontend.
    Alot even ships with a built-in
    [Sup theme](https://github.com/pazz/alot/blob/master/extra/themes/sup)!
```

Author: Hmm yeah I do like the idea of setting realistic expectations for anyone who wants to use or contribute to Sup, but it doesn't really fit underneath the "Alternatives" heading. Maybe it would be better under a separate heading about "Maintenance status"? I'll try a version like that.
